- [Instructor] Spring Batch uses a job repository
to capture metadata regarding the execution of a batch job.
The job repository typically stores this metadata
in a relational database that Spring Batch uses
to make decisions about job executions.
Whilst Spring Batch will create the table schema
required to store the metadata,
we'll need to supply the database
where the schema can be created.
So, we're going to install the MySQL database
on our work station.
And to do that, we're just going to work
within Software Manager
to first install the MySQL Database Server.
And, once we have the MySQL server identified,
we can go ahead and click on install.
And that will start the installation process.
Once that completes, we're going to open up a terminal
so that we can set the password
for the root user of the database.
So to do that, we sudo over to mysql,
and then from there,
we're able to alter the root user's password.
And in this case, I'm just going to go ahead
and set the password to "password".
I'd highly recommend picking a stronger password
for your production environments.
But there we see we've set the password for our root user.
And then we're going to go back to the Software Manager,
and we're going to install the MySQL Workbench.
This is a graphical user interface
that we can use to interact with our MySQL database.
And it's going to allow us to see what's going on
within that schema,
storing information related to our batch jobs.
Once the Workbench installs, let's go ahead and launch it,
and we'll make our first connection.
So here you can see that we already have a connection
for our root user.
Just go ahead and enter the root user password
that you've created.
And then what we need to do within the Workbench
is we need to create a new schema
that is going to hold the metadata for our job repository.
So just click on the Create a New Schema.
And here we need to provide a name for our schema.
We're going to go ahead and name this schema the batch_repo.
And once we've provided that name, we can hit Apply.
And we'll go ahead and create the new schema
within our database.
Now the other thing that we need to do is create a user
that is going to connect to this schema.
So within the Workbench,
we can click on Users and Privileges.
And this is going to give us the ability
to add a user to the database.
So just click on Add Account,
and here we can specify the name for our new user.
We're just going to name the user batch_user.
And then we can set a password for this user.
I'm going to keep it really simple,
and just make the password "batch".
And then if we take a look at the scheme privileges,
we'll want to add privileges
on our schema for this new user.
So we can go ahead
and
select our batch_repo schema.
And then from here, we're going to grant every privilege
to this user on that schema.
Once that's in place, just go ahead, click on Apply,
and now we have our
schema
that will hold the metadata regarding our job executions.
And we've also created the user that we'll use
to connect to that schema from our job repository.